* Sonic's Adventure

** About

This is the first game I ever wrote by myself. It's a text adventure
starring Sonic the Hedgehog. Prepare for the following *amazing*
features:

  - 100 areas to explore
  - Fight badniks
  - Solve some really easy puzzles
  - Read amazing descriptions and dialog

Here's a screenshot in case you're really interested:

[[https://www.sodaware.net/assets/images/projects/sonics-adventure.png]]


** Why?

The source is *extremely* scrappy, and the game itself isn't exactly
great, but it's fun to see just how far I've come as a
developer. People often try and protect their less-than-perfect side,
so this is me showing mine off for everyone to see.


** Compiling

Sonic's Adventure is written in Power Basic for the Atari ST. It
should compile as-is, but it's been a while since I fired it up.


** Copyright

This project is in no way endorsed by Sega or anyone else with any
connection to Sonic the Hedgehog. 


** Licence

Copyright (c) 1993-2012 Phil Newton
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:
 
    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
     
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
       copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
       disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided
       with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
